that girl we met last night at the club
nothing happened after you put her in
the cab right it did something happened
she said you had to be in bed early I
had her in bed by 11:00 Nick Marshall
thought he was God's gift to women
cappuccino extra foam taller grande
dandy Oh at least I'd like to think so
next but he's about to discover my
little sweet bones what did you say that
aftershave buddy I'm talking personal
private stuff the stuff that nobody on
earth this books to hear I hear that's
done strike me crazy even French poodles
I could hear them I don't know how this
happened to you or why but you may just
be the luckiest man on earth
hello I'm Darcy think of the
possibilities great photographs no clue
they're all Margaret bourke-white
they're not all Margaret bourke-white
honey yeah they are this guy's kind of
exciting Paramount Pictures and icon
Productions presents I won't I'm gonna
be the one guy on earth who knows what
women want how they think and like they
do those cuckoo things they do the story
of a man's man who's listening to what
women want
don't fall for a guy at work don't fall
for a guy at work why why what and
getting in touch with his feminine side
[Music]
exfoliating Mel Gibson you go girl
Ellen hunt I'm free just call me anytime
flirting what's wrong with me oh god I
just looked at his crotch
I hope he didn't see me oh I just looked
at it again stop it what women want a
Nancy Meyers film I can't believe this
is what I'll be wearing the last night
I'm a virgin
[Music]
you